Hub admin policies (#339)
NASA-Openscapes/earthdata-cloud-cookbook: policies-admin/index.qmd

*This section drew from the ‘Solution’ section of the White Paper entitled, “[The Value of Hosted JupyterHubs in enabling Open NASA Earth Science in the Cloud](https://zenodo.org/records/7667299#.Y_Zxt3bMJPY)” (Nickles, et.al, 2022).*

### Obtaining Access to the NASA Openscapes Hub

Access is controlled by the NASA Openscapes Team, who oversee the management of the Hub and Cloud costs. The first step to gaining access to the NASA Openscapes 2i2c Hub is to request access via [this form](https://forms.gle/sLM9szAYN2mq6SbL9). 

Our JupyterHub users are managed in three GitHub Teams: 

* [Long-term access](https://github.com/orgs/nasa-openscapes-workshops/teams/longtermaccess-2i2c): This access is for NASA Openscapes mentors and team, DAAC staff and others who request a longer-term engagement  
* NASA Openscapes Champions: This access is for teams that participate in the NASA Openscapes Champions Program. These teams have access for up to a year as they migrate their workflows to the Cloud. 

> * Workshops and Hack-a-thons: This provides short term access of up to 1-month to participants of NASA Earthdata workshops. Participants will be removed at any time and have no expectation of on-going storage in their home directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Workshops and Hackathons: This provides short term access of up to 1-month to participants of NASA Earthdata workshops. Participants will be removed at any time and have no expectation of on-going storage in their home directories.
```

Instructions for admins on how to add people to the hub can be found [here](add-folks-to-2i2c-github-teams.qmd).

### Allowable Uses of 2i2c Hub 

Users who join these GitHub teams agree to use the NASA Openscapes Hub only for work on NASA EarthData related activities. Generally, recommended instance size is the smallest instance (1.9GB RAM and up to 3.75 CPUs). 

> Run large or parallel jobs over large geographic bounding boxes or over long temporal extents should be cleared with the NASA Openscapes Team by submitting an issue to this repo.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run large or parallel jobs over large geographic bounding boxes or over long temporal extents should be cleared with the NASA Openscapes Team by submitting an issue to the [2i2cAccessPolicies repository]( https://github.com/NASA-Openscapes/2i2cAccessPolicies).   
```
